I have spent a large portion of my free time, the past 8 years reading tech blogs.

In 2013, I wrote a research paper title; “I’m a social media whore… Get Used to It.” This was a study on  the evolution of technology and how it changed the way humans interact with each other.

As a child obsessed with gadgets, I watched mobile devices  transform from toys  we used to listen to music in our free time, to communication devices and integral necessities, to a persons main personal computer. I have managed, to stayed up to date on the ever changing trend of technology becoming even more prevalent in our everyday lives. I love watching the way that gadgets and mobile devices have connected the world in a major way. As this trend continues, I am interested to see what will happen with the new advancements in technology becoming embedded in our day to day lives; especially with augmented reality and autonomy.

After taking my first tech class since my  high school’s  computer science program  back in 2007; quite a bit of my questions have been answered. I was introduced to the world of Information Technology as a whole and given bits and pieces of the multitude of professions that lie within the technology workforce branch.

Some things that stuck out to me this year and sparked my interest include, End-to-End encryption, data security, 3-D printing as well as app creation and web development. I have always had the desire to create something that could significantly improve on the way the world interacts and have been given a better course to seek out the skill I need to work on. As my next quarter begins, I will be learning python as well as C#, which is just the beginning of my coding journey. I could not be more excited to get my hands dirty, and stop waiting on some kind of push. I am now more motivated to seek out the answers to my questions and not just wait for the opportunity to take a class in school.

I look forward to seeing the way that technology and Great ideas shape our future even more than it has now.


	
