Lonely City. 
Not every city you visit is number one, safe, number two friendly. 
Sometimes you go on a trip and want to connect with people. 
You want to know what to do, but you also want to meet people who might be interested in the same activities as well. 

When I travel, I have no problem getting out of my comfort zone and talking to random strangers.
My boyfriend on the other hand has a slight case of social anxiety. As an introvert, he can be uncomfortable trying to talk to random strangers. 

Lonely city, Will be a safe, integrated app that will ensure travelers to connect with other travelers  locate the best hotel deals, find fellow travelers to explore the city via multiple tourist opportunities for example; shopping, exploring history and culture of the city, museum companions, athletic adventures(zip line, scuba diving, skiing/snowboarding), finding best beaches or finding shows/plays to experience.
to split the costs of expensive shuttles and go enjoy the area with some like minded people. 
Lonely city will incorporate and analyze multiple apps. Reviews from Trip Advisor, Yelp, Zagat, hotel and hostel options with partnered apps, Hotels Tonight, AirBNB, HostelWorld, Expedia and daughter companies.

Travelers/Lonely City Users will have a 5 star rating system where they can rate their experience with each other, as well as, a certified safe member system, where we ensure each user has gone through a background check. There will be a section to report unsafe encounters with travelers that will be handled accordingly.

  Revenue will be handled through advertisement. As well as the option for a platinum edition, which will be add free and introduce at the cost of $0.99 for one year subscription. After six months then costing $4.99/ 6 month subscription.  

Contribute $5 and you will receive Lonely City Platinum Edition for 2.5 years. 

$10 will give a 5 year subscription. 

$50 will give company advertising cost free for 3 months. 

$100 dollars will give you the option of advertising cost free for 6 months with 50 downloads of the platinum edition. 

$500 will give you free advertising for 2 years plus 100 download coded for the platinum edition of Lonely city application. 


